# charging-station-charger-combinations
Hello, searching for generic machine algorithm code for one of my scenario implementations in my logistic business, preferably in MATLAB. The scenario is, I have four EV types of vehicles with their battery capacity and range. As stated, 1st EV has a 900-kWh battery with max range of 489 km , 2nd EV has a 350-kWh battery with max range of 240 km, 3rd EV has a 150-kWh battery with a max range of 240 km, and 4th EV has an 80-kWh battery with a max range of 240 km. These EVs will need an overall charging station which includes level 1, 2, and 3 chargers. As you go up by charger the faster power output (charge time) it has, however, the more expensive it gets which will be accounted for. For example: level 1 states a 7-kW power output with a price of 210 euros , level 2 states a 17-kW power output with a price of 775 euros, and level 3 states a 203-kW power output with a price of 23,500 euros. Not including any losses when charging in this scenario. The charging station must accommodate for 10 of the 1st EV, 5 of the 2nd EV, 5 of the 3rd EV, and 3 of the 4th EV. However, in my business each EV can have a standby load time where they can be charging also a preferred minimum range that it needs. We will face this scenario, as the worst case, where all the EVs don’t have any charge, starting from zero. The 1st EV has can only have a maximum of 160 minutes for each EV and minimum range target of 250 km, the 2nd EV can have a maximum of 120 minutes for each EV and a minimum range target of 150 km, 3r EV can have a maximum of 60 minutes for each EV and a minimum range target of 120 km, lastly the 4th EV can have a maximum of 30 minutes for each EV and minimum target range of 60 km. So, it’s needed to create a combination of level chargers that accommodates all EVs by their maximum charge time by its respective EV while it hits its minimum target range. Lastly the amount maximum willing to spend for a charging station overall is 500,000 euros
